Donger, Donger,
Failed to take good care of it,
Don't let you fall out, let me perform surgery on my lungs,
Went a little bit.
Dad, I have to be satisfied with the Chinese affairs.
If you don't blame me, I'm already very grateful to you,
I don’t have the ability to make breakthroughs and let your movies make mistakes again and again.
And I asked you, an electric person, to take care of me.
Come, okay, his medicine,
Cleaned by me, you,
I haven't had deadlines since I was a kid.
Dong'er, that is,
If you are afraid of suffering, then whatever you endure will hurt.
Every time I take medicine, I have to stand in a closed position.
Familiar. You came to Tiantie to spray medicine.
Tian Tie, you are here
I still have to go
Tian Tie, you need to drink medicine.
You can only feel better after drinking anti-drugs.
I don’t want to eat it. It’s too bitter.
This child has suffered so much since he was a child.
It's my method
Use the detailed method of sealing iron to combine medicine
Tian Tie, let’s start drinking.
His illness will be cured if he takes medicine
You are Tian Tie